# Development Setup
## Install Python and tools

```shell
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install python3.8
sudo apt-get install python3-pip
sudo apt-get install sqlite3

```
## Install Django and dependent modules

```shell
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Install Debug SMTP Server

```shell
python3 -m pip install smtp 
```

# Run Application Locally

```shell
# Start SMTP debug server
python3 -m smtpd -n -c DebuggingServer localhost:1025

# Start application
python3 manage.py runserver

```


# Optional TODOS
* Python Isolation via Conda or venv

# Requirements
* The tool should be submitted with a pre-defined events in the data store. Events should have
the following fields identified: 
(Complete)
* An event will have a name
(Complete)
* An event will have a location
(Complete)
* An event will have a start and end time
(Complete)
* An event will have a unique identifier
(Complete)
* The tool should accept an email address as a unique identification for a user (when signing
up for an event).
(Complete)
* The tool should allow the user to
   * List all events
(Complete: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/v1/events/)
   * Sign up for an event
(Complete: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/v1/registrations/)
   * Remove email address from event
(Complete: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/v1/registrations/1/)
   * When signing up for an event the tool should email a pre-defined email address with a
notification.
(Complete: Requires Local SMTP server to be running, settings.REGISTRATION_EMAIL)
   * All properties (i.e. the pre-defined email address) should be easy to change before
deployment.
(Complete: ./eventsite/settings.py )
   * All event times will be in the same timezone.
   * An event can span multiple days. (Complete: Everything is valid)
## Deliverables
### Critical
* The code should be build and deploy locally (no dependencies on AWS, Heroku, or other
external services)
(Complete: Local Django server & Local SMTP Server)
* There should be documentation on how to start the application
(Complete: See Above instructions)
* All dependencies should be crafted in their associated package managers (Gemfile,
requirements.txt, etc)
(Complete: requirements.txt)
* The backend code should be written in Python, Ruby, or Perl.
(Complete: Python)
* The code should use SQLite as a datastore.
(Complete: db.sqllite3)
* The REST endpoints should be well documented for public consumption
(Complete: Django REST_FRAMEWORK's autogenerated documentation and forms http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/v1/ )
* The provided email address can only sign up a unique event once
(Complete: Unique constraint on the registrations relationship table)
### Nice to Have
* The code should have and pass all unit tests
* The tool should have API endpoints for managing events
(Complete: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/v1/events/)
* The tool should have a front end (written in JS) for signing up for events / managing events.
* The tool should email the provided email address with a calendar invitation to the event.
* The tool should have APIs (protected with an fixed API key) that allow a user to:
   * See all people who signed up for an event
   * Remove an email address from an event
   * Sign up a person from an event
